Now there is another object as part of this couch.
Remember that we have these legs at the bottom of the couch that need to be textured as well.
We're not going to see a whole lot of them we can probably use a pretty small texture but we do need
to get something on there.
I'm thinking just a basic woodgrain texture would be fine.
So I'm just going to go out to Google and just see what I can find.
So I think I'll just type in wood grain texture and see what I come up with many good images and I'm
going to go to search tools and size and large just so I get a fairly good size texture.
Now most of these are not going to be seamless and that's fine I don't really need a seamless texture
for this.
This looks kind of nice.
Let me grab this one.
Yeah that looks good.
I'll go to view image right click save images and I'll put this in my textures.
All right.
So that's the one we're going to use.
I'll go back to blender now and let's select the legs of the couch shall tab into edit mode.
Hit a to select everything and there is our U-V map.
Let's go ahead and export this U.V. map out and take it into Photoshop so I'll go to Uvas export U-V
lay out.
I don't need the size to be very big here so I'll just choose five 12 and I'll go ahead and take it
into the proper folders so here's my project folder Here's my textures I've got my couch folder here
and in here I'll put couch legs underscore Uvas just so I know what it is.
And now I'll go to photoshop and open it up there here in Photoshop all press control or command.
Oh and browse to that folder.
Here it is.
Couch legs Uvas open.
And here we go.
I'll press control or command plus to zoom into it a bit.
I will rename this Larry Uvas and I'll go ahead and press control or command.
To open that other file so back in my textures folder over here I've got that woodgrain over here.
Here it is Yep that's it.
I'll open that up and then I'll press control or command a controller command C to copy it and come
back over here and press control or command VI.
And now that paste that in I'll zoom out with command minus or control minus as well.
I'll take this layer and move it down below the U.V. so we can see the U.V. map and then I'll shrink
this down by pressing shift and click and drag.
So I think probably I will zoom in with the Z key here.
I think I can get away with this particular size for the texture.
That's not bad.
Actually I think I'll just stretch it down just a bit so it covers these two.
And then our press alt shift and I'll drag this down a bit and just put it right there.
All right.
So there we have our Uvas or our textures laid over our Uvas to clean it up a little.
Again I can select that Uvas layer come over here to the magic wand tool or the W key click anywhere
outside the movies shift click anywhere that didn't get covered looks like here and up here.
And we go maybe down here as well.
Now that we've got all of that area selected I'm going to contract it by going up to select and modify
and contract and I'll contract by two pixels and that will spread it out just a little bit beyond the
U.V. so we don't cut anything off in there.
And then I can select this one and hit delete and slick this one and hit delete.
And now I can come in here and add a new layer I'll click the new layers button down here drag it to
the bottom and I'll just choose a black color and that paint bucket and put a black color behind it.
Turn off the movies and there is my color map for the couch legs.
Let's save it out with shift old controller command W
and I'll just export as a P and G export and I'll call this couch legs underscore.
See.
And there we go for a color map.
Now I'll go ahead and save this file here.
Controller command s and I'll save this just as a P.S. d file catalogs.
There we go.
So now once again we have everything in that folder are S-D files are UVM map.
And our final textures.
So let's take this into unity now.
And I'll bring up a Finder window here and here is my color map right here.
I'll hit spacebar to open that up just so we can see that that's what that is.
Good.
I'll drag it down into unity into the assets folder I'll select that couch would object that is the
couch legs right here.
And I'll drag that couch legs color map into the Al bedo slot right here.
And once again when the material comes in from Blendr it's going to be kind of gray so I'm going to
move that up to pure white.
And there we go.
So if we take a look at that there they are.
All right.
And as I said I don't think I need to worry too much about dirtying these up or doing any more to that.
That's these are going to be in shadow very small on the scene.
I'm not too concerned about it but we needed something there.
All right so now that we have all these textures in here I'm going to go ahead and clean that just a
little bit.
I'm going to create a new folder by right clicking the assets window and choosing create folder and
let's just call this textures and I'll move these things down into that folder.
And we go now we've got our models here.
Our materials here and our textures here.
All right.
So let's go back to Blendr And let's take a look at creating the walls of the room.
Now that we have our couch let's take a look at creating this room a little bit more or at least blocking
out the walls.
So I'm going to step back into object mode here and bring back these walls the floor and our scale.
Now let's go take a look at that reference image that we initially looked at to get the general layout
of the room.
I'm thinking that the front door is going to be over here on the right side of the photo.
And the windows are going to be over here on the left.
So let's see if we can block these walls in and kind of get a sense of what the space is going to take
this couch.
Let me go back to the layer that it's on and I'm going to select everything and I want to make it into
a group so that I can just select that group easily and move the couch around without having to select
each of the objects the fabric and the wood.
So I they come over here to object and come up to group and create new group and you can also use control
G.
So I'm going to click that.
And now we have a new group and I'll come over here to the left and I'll name this I'll just call it
couch and we go.
And now if you look this new group does not appear over here in the outliner.
This is everything we have in our scene but it isn't here.
That group isn't here to be selected.
And that's an odd thing about blender you have to come up here to the all seems menu item and choose
groups to see your groups.
So now I can select this couch and I can move it around as I need.
So let me just move it around to one of the walls here and I'm also going to bring back that scale item
so to slide it around on the floor what I can do is I can press the G key and then I can press shift
Z and that will ensure that I cannot move it in the Z-axis up or down.
So now I can slide it around on the floor wherever I want.
So I want to move it over here a bit kind of put it up against this wall to get a sense of how big this
area is going to be.
Let's go back to the reference image and take a look.
So I'm thinking the couch is going to be right over here against this wall.
But there's that door.
I don't need to have that door open out.
I could have that open in if I wanted.
But let me just put that here against this wall like that just to get a sense of that.
Now it feels to me like this wall is about the size of that wall sticking out for the kitchen.
I'm just going to temporarily put that here now I'm going to take this wall and maybe extend it.
Let me hit the tab key to go to Edit mode control tab and choose face and then I'll hit the Z key so
I can see the wire frame.
I just want to pull this out.
Pull that out of that to here.
Maybe this will be the kitchen.
OK.
And hit the Z key again to go back to solid view.
And I'll take this wall and I'll duplicate it with shift D and then hit the Y key to only move it in
the y axis.
Come out here so I'm kind of blocking out the kitchen here.
All right.
Now I'm going to take this wall shift did a duplicate hit the x key to make sure it's going to only
move in the X-axis and I'll move this over here.
Maybe something like that.
So I'm kind of just getting a sense of.
Is this how big I want the place to be.
I feel like this is a little too much room like I don't want this much room so I'm going to move this
this way and I'm going to move this this way.
Now there's really no wrong answer here it's really up to you how you want your environment to be just
trying to get a sense of how to fill the space.
So let me clean this up a little bit.
I'm just going to select this and move this face back into here and I'll select something like this
and move this in just to kind of clean it up a little bit.
All right.
So in the next video what let's do is work on cleaning up the walls will create the baseboards for them
will U-V map them and we'll bring them into unity and see how it looks there.